Leonardo/users relationship impl (#260)
desmos-labs/desmos: docs/developers/perform-transactions.md

* [`MsgAnswerPoll`](msgs/answer-poll.md): allows you to answer a post's poll.
* [`MsgRegisterReaction`](msgs/register-reaction.md): allows you to register a reaction.

### Profiles
* [`MsgSaveProfile`](msgs/save-profile.md): allows you to create or edit an existing profile.
* [`MsgDeleteProfile`](msgs/delete-profile.md): allows you to delete an existing profile.
* [`EditParamsProposal`](msgs/edit_param_proposal.md): allows you to open a proposal to change profile's params.

## Relationships

> * [`MsgCreateMonoDirectionalRelationship`](msgs/create-relationship.md): allows you to create a mono directional relationship.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`MsgCreateRelationship`](msgs/create-relationship.md): allows you to create a relationship.
```
